
---
geometry: margin=0.8cm
colorlinks: true
fontsize: 10pt
pagestyle: empty

---

# Satvik Gupta \hfill \small \href{mailto:me@satvikgupta.com}{me@satvikgupta.com} +91 9910119645
Software Developer, New Delhi \hfill{}[Github](github.com/Satvik2101) | [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/satvik-gupta-063033195/) | [Website](https://www.satvikgupta.com)

## EDUCATION
|                               |             |                                |          |
| :---------------------------: | :---------: | :----------------------------: | :------: |
| B.Tech (Computer Engineering) | 2020 - 2024 | Delhi Technological University | 9.43 GPA|
| AISSCE/CBSE (Class XII) | 2020 | GD Goenka Public School | 95%|
| AISSCE/CBSE (Class X) | 2018 | GD Goenka Public School | 96%|

 \vspace{-4mm}

## WORK EXPERIENCE

---

### ***Technical Content Writer Intern***, Coding Ninjas, Delhi  \Date{Sept 2022 - Dec 2022}

- Consistently delivered 3 blogs a week with minimal delays, writing an average of 1.8k words per blog, along with illustrative images and diagrams.
- Researched and wrote articles on topics such as Akamai, AWS, test automation tools such as Katalon and ReadyAPI, etc.
- Worked with software such as AWS, Postman,Puppet, etc. - installing and writing code for them in order to write tutorial articles about them.

### ***App Developer Intern***, IIT-Delhi, Delhi - \textcolor{gray}{Flutter | SQLite | Arduino} \Date{Dec 2021 - March 2022}

- Single-handedly designed and authored an Android app using Flutter SDK. The application receives, stores, displays and exports ECG data received from Arduino-based hardware. 
- The app utilizes SQLite as a local database and hashes the user's pin code using SHA-256.

### ***Flutter Developer Intern***, CRIS, Ministry of Railways, Delhi - \textcolor{gray}{Flutter} \Date{Aug 2021 - Oct 2021}

- Created the structural layout for multilingual support in the app. The app currently supports 2 languages, extendible to any number without any programming effort.
- Pushed for and assisted in migration to null-safe version of Flutter, resulting in a 40% drop in compile time and a 30% drop in startup time, with many other noticeable performance improvements.

## PROJECTS

---

### ***DTU-DCE Fraternity Forum's Flutter App*** - \textcolor{gray}{Flutter | JWT | REST |} [App Store](https://apps.apple.com/in/app/dtu-dce-fraternity-forum/id1601864796) | [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=org.dtudcefraternity.mobile.app)

- Directed a team of 3 developers and architected, developed and coded an app for DTU-DCE Fraternity Forum from scratch using Flutter, with full integration with REST API with server.
- Co-ordinated with backend team to develop and test new API endpoints. Also coordinated with Resume partner Resumod, who provide free membership of Resumod to forum members.
- Integrated authentication support with JWT authentication tokens for registered users. 
- Built an admin panel into the app for the administrators to alter membership statuses and view user data.
- The app has 100+ downloads on Play Store, with a rating of 5 on both the Play Store and App Store.

## ACHIEVEMENTS AND AWARDS

---

- Secured rank 3989 in TCS CodeVita Season 10, out of 100k + participants
- Secured rank 1421 in Newton School's Grand Coding Contest 2022, out of roughly 12k participants
- Secured All India Rank 5045 in JEE Mains 2020
- Cleared KVPY SA (11th) First Round in 2018

## POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY

---

### ***Head of Tech Team***, TEDxDTU, [Github](https://github.com/TEDxDTU) | [Website](https://tedxdtu.in/) | [Play Store](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=in.tedxdtu.flutter_app&pli=1) \Date{Dec 2021 - Present}
\textbf{\textcolor{gray}{Flutter | Firebase Auth | Firestore | MongoDB | Mongoose | AWS | GCP}}

- Led the development of the mobile app in Flutter, and oversaw the development of the Website in Next.js
- Contributed extensively to the backend code in Node.js
- Set up AWS EC2 as a server for hosting the website, and configured SSL certificates for the domain using Let's Encrypt, and moved the live website to GCP Compute Engine to scale it. Used nginx as a reverse proxy to route requests to the Node.js code.
- The website served 400,000 HTTP requests, had 8k unique IP addresses making requests, and 1.5k registered users in a span of 20 days. 2/3rds of the tickets for the event were sold on the website


*This Resume was generated by a [script](https://github.com/Satvik2101/resume_creator).*